Deprecate assertIsEmpty/expectNoEvents, add versions for all event types (#1375)
slackhq/circuit: CHANGELOG.md

--------------

- **New**: Add WASM targets.

> - **New**: FakeNavigator methods to check for the lack of pop/resetRoot events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: Add `FakeNavigator` functions to check for the lack of pop/resetRoot events
```

- **Behaviour Change**: `NavigatorImpl.goTo` no longer navigates if the `Screen` is equal to `Navigator.peek()`.
- **Behaviour Change**: `Presenter.present` is now annotated with `@ComposableTarget("presenter")`. This helps prevent use of Compose UI in the presentation logic as the compiler will emit a warning if you do. Note this does not appear in the IDE, so it's recommended to use `allWarningsAsErrors` to fail the build on this event.
- **Change**: `Navigator.goTo` now returns a Bool indicating navigation success.

> - **Deprecation**: FakeNavigator.assertIsEmpty and expectNoEvents (use the specific event type methods instead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deprecation**: `FakeNavigator.assertIsEmpty` and `expectNoEvents` (use the specific event type methods instead)
```
